README.md, before:

## SilverStripe Legal Page

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage) [![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage) [![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage) [![License](https://poser.pugx.org/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage)

Presents any legal document/policy need to show the versioned changes

### Features
- Allow publishing legal documents and policies with ability to compare with old versions.

### Requirements
- SilverStripe Framework 4.x
- SilverStripe CMS 4.x

### Installation
- Install the module through composer:
`$ composer require hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage`
- Run dev/build

### License

    MIT License

    Copyright (c) 2018 Hudhaifa Shatnawi

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated 
    documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without 
    limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of 
    the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
    conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions 
    of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED 
    TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL 
    THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF 
    CONTRACT,  TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER 
    DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


   [github.com]: <http://github.com/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage/issues>

Commit message:

- Added Cookies Script to meet EU Law

README.md, after:

## SilverStripe Legal Page

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage) [![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage) [![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage) [![License](https://poser.pugx.org/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage)

Presents any legal document/policy need to show the versioned changes

### Features
- Allow publishing legal documents and policies with ability to compare with old versions.
- Show a dialog for alerting users about the use of cookies on your website to meet EU law, add `$EUCookieSnippet` to the page body.

### Requirements
- SilverStripe Framework 4.x
- SilverStripe CMS 4.x

### Installation
- Install the module through composer:
`$ composer require hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage`
- Run dev/build

### License

    MIT License

    Copyright (c) 2018 Hudhaifa Shatnawi

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated 
    documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without 
    limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of 
    the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
    conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions 
    of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED 
    TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL 
    THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF 
    CONTRACT,  TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER 
    DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


   [github.com]: <http://github.com/hudhaifas/silverstripe-legalpage/issues>
